>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Because we are now
using EntityState instead of this initial
state that we created, we're going to just
seed it a little bit differently for now.
So I am exporting initialProjects and
then if we go into the barrel roll,
I am going to
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Just
add this to this, so.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We'll see where
this comes in in just a moment.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's go
into our Projects component and
now you notice getProjects was on hiatus.
Well, now what we're going to do,
is we're going to go this
store dispatch(newLoadProj)
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You know what,
I may have gotten
slightly ahead of myself,
let's go to our actions real quick and
make sure I have that.
All right, so easy enough,
LoadProjects =
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Little data, there we
go
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We'll just add this,
let's go here, export class LoadProjects
implement Action readonly type =
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Projects.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So what's interesting
about this, is that this action, well,
initially, you'll see here that we're
not going to send a payload eventually.
But for now we are going
to say load this projects.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Payload: and,
in this case it's going to be
an array of projects,
okay, and then if we go
into our reducer,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's actually
just create a case for this,
this is actually kind of convenient that
we can see this all together, Projects
>> Lukas Ruebbelke:
ActionTypes.LoadProjects.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Return adapter.add
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Many
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: state.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go,
let me just make sure that
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: ActionTypes
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right, so
I just added the low projects action, I
added it to the reducer, and then if we go
here,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This,
one other thing I've forgotten,
I apologize, I need to LoadProjects,
very good,
now we go back to the barrel roll.
So I think that if anybody,
and I believe this is for
across the board,
that when you're starting
to assemble things together, like so.
It's easy to,
there's nothing wrong with your code, but
the way that you wire it up could be
a bit odd, or you can miss something.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Just break this
down so we can see that it's there,
now we go to getprojects.
LoadProjects and
we're going to pass in initialProjects.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So when we save this,
I expect that nothing is
going to happen here, why?
Well, thank you for asking,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: If
we look in the
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Template here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Pre{{projects,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: async and json.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: As you notice,
init, init, so there's another thing,
you expect something to happen, I expected
it to load, but nothing's happening.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Like
did my Action get fired?
Well, I don't see it here,
so let's go and see,
like I'm definitely firing right here,
it's firing here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So let's see what
the problem may be, let's just, so
this is another thing.
With Redux Dev Tools is you
can start to see your control
flow as it's going
through your application.
So we wait for this to build,
let me just double check,
Projects does not exist on ProjectState,
well, look at that.
So we're not even gonna get that
far because in our selector here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's do.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm
gonna take this off, so
I'm trying to map out something that
doesn't exist, let's save this again.
And I just really want to see
if I can get this to dump.
Yeah, well notice the entire shape of
this structure, its IDs and its entities.
And we're no longer dealing directly
with the project's collection.
And so what we need to do here, and
this is going to be not super pretty,
but this is going to set the stage for
selectives.
So for now we're saying,
okay, we've got projects,
we want to pull off of this data.
Let's go data.Entities,
and then from there,
I'm going to do this not from memory,
I have this written down.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Keys(data).map,
little k.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right,
so we're looping over,
we're grabbing the keys that
were looping over that.
And we're just matching up the key
with the value, all right,
let's save this,
now let's see what we're dealing with.
We're back to our collection,
so now we have a very
efficient way to look up data and
connect our models.
But it does create some additional
steps here to get us back
into a state where we can just
dump it right into our template.
Which we will solve with selectors and
lunch.